feat(debugger): debug tests functions (#5208) (#8)
manastech/noir: docs/docs/reference/debugger/debugger_vscode.md

Skipping instrumentation causes the debugger to be unable to inspect local variables.
:::

#### testName

_String, optional._

> Test name (or substring) of the test function to debug. Is not required for the name to be exact as long as it's unequivocal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test name (or substring) of the test function to debug. The name is not required to match exactly, as long as it's non-ambiguous.
```

Maybe give an example of what you mean here (nitpick tho)

> For the debugger to run only one test function should match the name lookup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the debugger to run, only one test function should match the name lookup.
```

:::note

> When provided the debugger will debug the matching function instead of the package `main` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When provided, the debugger will debug the matching function instead of the package `main` function.
```

:::

#### oracleResolver

_String, optional._

> JSON RPC url to solve oracle calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON RPC URL to solve oracle calls.
```

Reviewer: Let's add a little more explanation, it is true that this sets the target for oracle calls, but from the perspective of users/newcomers it is kind of obscure. I'd expand telling that this lets you interact with a TXE, which enables debugging tests that use aztec-contracts

Author: Mmmh, I'm not sure about that. I thought about it when writing this, but then I changed my mind because these docs are about noir-lang, not about aztec framework. 
I definitively think that there should be a "How to debug aztec contracts tests" guide, but I think that that guide should live in aztec's docs, not in noir's.

:::note

> when running using the `Debug test` codelens, the debugger will set this option with the `TXE_TARGET` environment variable value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the debugger is run using the `Debug test` codelens, this option is set from the `TXE_TARGET` environment variable value.
```
